hello it's Rudy and today I am going to
be showing you my school night routine
for spring 2017 but before we get
started I wanted to tell you about the
free apps that I've recently been loving
Amina Amina works in the community-based
system you can join different
communities and consequently connect
with people who share similar interests
to you this example I've joined the
hypose community the school community
and red even found a really grounded
community that one of my viewers
Brooklyn made however the one that I
wanted to tell you about is studying
Amina which is a platform on which
people can share study tips motivational
pictures it is advertised as a place to
study and easier and I really enjoyed
connection with people who loved
studying just as much as I do it really
acts as a great motivational tool one
particularly lovely place that I came
across this morning actually was this
one on how to take note it's greatly how
other people's tips because you can
adopt them yourself and therefore become
more productive I also like this post
where somebody was just posting a
picture of them studying if you do
decide to download the app make sure to
follow in my account you only have to
search for Ruby Granger in the search
for America will pop up so all links to
the apps will be down below so that you
can download it and without further ado
let's get into the a my school day ends
its fall and my mum will pick my fistula
[Music]
when I get home I like to make my house
tonight so today I'm having another ice
cream or you do it freeze banana and
then put it in your blender
okay that's I make it moment and a
tastemaker
MOA head up to my room with my snack
since it is now about 4:30 and I don't
start what I want is some sort of
blending down break activities so this
might be writing and math there I will
respond to my school email and also
write up revision summaries which are
just daily reviews of what I studied
that day seeing is the weather's getting
woman I like to just go outside for a
few minutes just walk walk around the
garden and I play with little too
chicken when I get inside again I like
to plan out what I'm going to study that
day so I study with Jess in good
education Ariana and then I get started
for my homework
[Applause]
[Music]
is really quite early maybe about six
and today I had pumpkin reviews I also
have to notice you and I have put some
rain in it the kids I said carry in flow
it could make sure that I get nine
[Music]
tonight one of my peacekeeper homework
Christa listen to enemy came at us and
so I decided to listen to music whilst I
was doing my homework so when it starts
to get a bit dark either side can light
candles I'm often asked how many hours I
work for you can write articles and I do
homework from five to eight thirty with
a 15-minute break
okay Kathy I like to get a snack and
tonight I have dried pineapple so I
think 30 I say extra English luck I do
day from 8:30 to 9:15 and today I am
looking over some notes that I wrote in
my movie textbook and just tighten them
up along with any other general thoughts
i turn my back finish work at - dude
sometimes I do run over but I think it's
really important that I keep to a
schedule and so I have been trying to
stop on time so after this I pack my bag
to the next day and make sure that I've
got everything that I could possibly
need and then make of my room click once
/ tidy to make sure that everything's in
the right place and everything so then I
go and brush my teeth of course I also
do my contact and every other night I
wash my hair so tonight I have a shower
and these are the products that I use I
use the availab shampoo the Niroula
conditioner from the body shop grab
drugs shower scrub from lush and Lyman
Bay the right company
when I get asked to shower I like to
brush my hair and I use this super soft
kids detangling spray because it stops
my hair from getting to tangles I also
like to put my hair classes we can leave
because it moves my hair is kinda
weighty when I wake up in the morning
[Music]
every evening without fail I use my
white lavender white poppy pillow mix
and it really helps me ask you I also
put on my pumpkin pie chapstick and some
hand cream another thing I try to eat
right before bed is just do some gentle
gymnastic stretches then I finally get
into bed and I like to read the New York
Times on my iPad this is my favorite
newspaper so I just read through the
headlines and also complete their mini
daily crossword
[Music]
and every night I write in my diary and
I also write a piece at retirees and
these are my dear diary then I set my
alarm
using suit cycle and I
lastly read my favorite part of writers
name at the moment I am reading harry
penton's hard choices memoir
[Music]
the time that I finish reading really
does vary but I try to stop before 11
o'clock so there any complete
[Music]
you
thank you for watching and have forget
people